Anti Affinity rules added to deployment spec (#202)
hashicorp/consul-api-gateway: .changelog/202.txt

> ```release-note:note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```release-note:feature
```

> Anti-affinity rules defined so the scheduler will attempt to evenly spread gateway pods across all available nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define anti-affinity rules so that the scheduler will attempt to evenly spread gateway pods across all available nodes
```
